#online-dictionary
##API Limitation
If the Service is used for commercial purposes to provide online search and/or navigation services, the User shall notify his client and provide a link to the Yandex Service (www.yandex.com). The User may post on his personal or corporate website the Yandex search form with mandatory observance of Terms of Yandex.Site search service (https://yandex.ru/legal/site_termsofuse). Yandex shall have the right not to process requests from any Users, websites and software that breach the terms of this License. if website is Potentially Dangerous, Websites can also be assigned lower ranking or be removed from the Service database. Yandex does not guarantee compliance of the Function with the User’s goals and expectations, uninterrupted and error-free operation of the Function and does not guarantee the accuracy of Information (in particular, does not guarantee that websites not reported as potentially hazardous do not contain any malicious codes, and vice versa). the volume of the text translated: 1,000,000 characters per day but not more than 10,000,000 per month. //حجم متن ترجمه شدهبرای کاربر 1000000 کاراکتر در روز است اما نه بیشتر از 10000000 کاراکتر در ماه Yandex may change the limits and restrictions at its discretion with any prior written notice to Users. In the event that the limits set by Yandex to the volume of the text checked and/or the number of references to the Service are exceeded, Yandex reserves the right to deny access to the Service. The User may not use the Service for creating Internet services, computer programs or otherwise if such use leads to violation of the Law, breach of the documents specified in Clause 1.2 of the Terms and/or third party rights and legitimate interests. When using the Service the User shall include reference to the Yandex technology in the description of the software application, in the respective help topic, on the official website of the software application, as well as on all pages/screens where the data of the service “Yandex.Translate” is used, strictly over or under the results of translation, in format of the following text: “Powered by Yandex. Translate” with the clickable hyperlink to the page http://translate.yandex.com. The font size of this reference shall not be less than the size of the main text font, and its color shall not differ from the color of the main text font. The user may not use the Service for creating computer programs or other services, functional use of which is equivalent or similar to the Service or the program "Yandex.Translate" for mobile devices. Yandex reserves the right to change, revise or update the Service at any time, without any prior notice to the User. Yandex may at its own discretion terminate or suspend the User’s access to the Service without any notice or statement of reasons, specifically, if the User breaches the requirements of these Terms and Conditions.